Cryptography API docs (#3319)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/building-blocks-concept.md

| [**Configuration**]({{< ref "configuration-api-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/configuration` | The Configuration API enables you to retrieve and subscribe to application configuration items for supported configuration stores. This enables an application to retrieve specific configuration information, for example, at start up or when configuration changes are made in the store. 
| [**Distributed lock**]({{< ref "distributed-lock-api-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/lock` | The distributed lock API enables you to take a lock on a resource so that multiple instances of an application can access the resource without conflicts and provide consistency guarantees.  
| [**Workflows**]({{< ref "workflow-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/workflow` | The Workflow API enables you to define long running, persistent processes or data flows that span multiple microservices using Dapr workflows or workflow components. The Workflow API can be combined with other Dapr API building blocks. For example, a workflow can call another service with service invocation or retrieve secrets, providing flexibility and portability. 

> | [**Cryptography**]({{< ref "cryptography-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/crypto` | The Cryptography API enables you to perform operations for encrypting and decrypting messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Cryptography**]({{< ref "cryptography-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/crypto` | The Cryptography API enables you to perform cryptographic operations, such as encrypting and decrypting messages, without exposing keys to your application.
```

> | [**Cryptography**]({{< ref "cryptography-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/crypto` | The Cryptography API enables you to perform operations, such as encrypting and decrypting messages. Using different comopnetns, Dapr translates operation calls into the correct format for the supported backend. Dapr uses algorithms configured to forbid the usage of unsafe algorithms and operations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [**Cryptography**]({{< ref "cryptography-overview.md" >}}) | `/v1.0-alpha1/crypto` | The Cryptography API enables you to perform operations for encrypting and decrypting messages.
